Welcome back to this lecture.
Super excited to have you.
In today's tutorial today we're going to learn how to download meditator for and open an account of
my fair broker actually trader.
I wanted to quickly preface this by saying that you don't have to go if actually trader.
This is my fair broker.
If you have your own favorite grow broker you can definitely follow along with their steps of opening
a demo account and open a demo account with them or you can go and look at other reviews out there online
and pick a broker up your own.
But if you are interested to see who is my fair broker and why then this is the tutorial where will
make it all happen and by the end of it you will have a working demo contrary country so far further
to do.
Let's dive straight into it.
So the first thing we need to do is open a browser Winder right over here and type in the following
year l w w w dot for us both dot com slash hack C trader Damo.
That's three words altogether AKC trade or demo
and I'll take a couple of seconds to load and then you'll get this beautiful page here displayed and
the first thing I want to point out is that you'll see here that the URL has slightly changed but you
don't need to worry about that because what has happened is actually trader has added here our code
and basically this code will let them know that you're a forex both student and they can give you better
support priority servers and basically take care of you.
So we have a relationship with active trader where they take good care of our students and you want
to take advantage of that.
So before downloading the moderator for platform there are two things I'd like to show you.
So if we scroll down here on the page to the very bottom you will see the product disclosure statement
or PBS and financial services guide or FSG and actually trader being a regulated broker has to provide
you these two documents as a cloud.
So this is very important and you have these two links and you can check the PBS and FSG at any time
when you want to.
You always have these links to have and check them just scroll down to the bottom of the page.
Now let's scroll back to the top of the page and here I will inputs my information.
So first name surname e mail
and something that I want to mention here is that it's quite important to provide accurate information
to axe the traitor because that way they will be able to contact you and serve you better if you have
a question or you have a technical issue of your account.
They'll be able to help you resolve these problems faster.
They're an amazing broker and so I'll proceed to filling in my phone number here and once I verified
this information I'm going to click submit
and it will take a couple of minutes to load.
And don't worry about it.
It will all happen after a couple of seconds you'll get to agree to this page which is a thank you page
and it has all the steps that you will need to follow from here.
Step number one is you'll need to check your e-mail and get your demo log in from there.
And that's actually what we're going to do right now.
So bring up my email account here and here you will see that I received an email from active trader
client services and it contains all the information related to Mr. Trader for demo accounts and how
to get it how to install at the bottom you'll see their card details with the log in and password and
server and so on.
And one of the things that I love with actually trader is that they have an installation package for
Mac users and it's important here to mention that number four is not native actually to Mac.
And so they go this extra step to serve their customers regardless of what's platform from the user.
So they've gone above and beyond to develop the special installation package for Mac users it's not
something you often see with brokers.
Just something to to note it's always nice when a company takes care of their customers.
But however in this course we're using a Windows machine so I'm gonna go ahead and download the Windows
installation package.
It's quite a small file that gives download I'll just serve it here and I'll open it up right away.
So I'll get this Windows message as you can see I'll check.
Yes make sure to read the terms and conditions and that'll start installation.
Once you click next if you have any questions.
Make sure to read a shout out to exit traitor if you're okay with this.
Then check the box and click next and actually trader from here will get installed.
You'll see here that all the rest of the files are being downloaded and it's just going to take a couple
seconds then you need to click finish and that and you see here in the desktop that we already have
an icon for the meditative wall for a platform so double click it to open up the platform and you'll
see here that you'll get a window prompt to open up on account but we won't do that because we've already
opened an account through our registration process and now we get a log in window prompt so we just
need to enter our details so with a way there where we get them as we go back to the email and see what
active trade centers.
And from here we just copy paste our log in password and select our server.
So once we've done that click logon and voila you'll hear a boring sound and that means that you are
successfully connected to the server and you'll see here in the trade tab that I have my balance of
fifty thousand demo U.S. dollars and so that means everything's working.
So in a nutshell that's how you open a demo account to a fact see trader.
And feel free to proceed to the next lecture if you wish but if you want to stick around for a bit I
would like to address the question of why I'm choosing axe trader as my preferred broker.
So if you go to this following your o w w w dot for export dot com slash brokers you'll find here an
extensive review which basically helps us answer the question of why I'm choosing actually trader as
my favorite broker.
So you'll notice here that I did an extensive review of exit trader I tested them for three months and
came up with these four priority tests trustworthiness trading conditions customer service and funding.
For example you'll see that actually trader is regulated by a sec which is the Australian Securities
and Investments Commission and ASIC has a very stringent regulation one of the most thorough and stringent
regulations in the world.
Our own financial markets around financial services and really gives me personally a peace of mind that
this broker is regulated by a sec and not often you see that kind of regulation in the broker space.
Very often it's either unregulated or regulated by some shady companies or authorities in this case
it is the Australian Securities and Investments Commission another interesting thing about actually
trader is that they've placed their servers in the US.
So basically what that means is that they're close to their liquidity providers and that gives them
very fast execution.
And in that way you basically get the best of both worlds.
You get the regulation by an Australian authority and you also get the execution speed of the servers
being close to the liquidity provider.
But the thing that stands out probably the most is the customer service.
You can see all the wars that they've won throughout the years and having dealt with active trader for
multiple years myself now I can vouch for the fact that they're just great people working there and
that's what you want when you're starting out when you're just learning forex you want somebody to take
you by the hand and guide you through this world and not take advantage of you.
And we've had numerous hundreds if not thousands of forex both students go through actually trade and
work with facts trader and every time access trader has delivered and taken care of our students.
Here's an example.
So for instance the demo trial that you downloaded is a 30 day demo trial and that's just a normal offering
that actually trainer has.
But if you want to extend it all you have to do is just reach out to taxi trader and tell them that
you're a for exposed student and they will extend your demo trial for longer to help you practice longer
until you're ready until you're confident something to mention is that actually trader accepts live
account clients from almost all countries except from the US and maybe some other countries.
So that's in a nutshell AXA trader if you want feel free to check out this interesting read and leave
me your comments and questions and that's it for today.
And I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.
And until then Happy trading.